After entering the competition, I started studying.  Like the well-known horror of writing something you like and showing it to an editor you respect, and immediately realizing it was crap, I realized after signing up that I was a Unicode hack.  
First some backstory.  I’d created two new engines in the days preceding my finding the devart contest.  One combined large webkit stroke width and huge mayan glyphs.   I’d stumbled on the Mayan glyphs in the private supplemental-A section.  Without thinking, I had downloaded the mayan font some weeks earlier from Alan Woods collection of ancient fonts.[LINK]  Combing through for signs of glyph life I spotted the mayan glyphs.  A combining system, this set has irregular shaped glyphs.  Enlarging them and including the over-sized css webkit stroke width made for the most exciting visual designs I’d managed to get yet.  I was ecstatic.  I took that engine and started rotating the large font divs, around all three axis.  This created a truly trippy effect, which is screen shotted and made into a little utoob[LINK].   
This resulted from a re-start of my work on the glyphmatic.us after 5 months off.  The great Boulder floods of 2013 bombed my basement[PICTURE] and I lost the mental space to work.  Now I was pumped again..  Entranced in my little dev-ecstasy, I stumbled across this contest on metafilter.  Here’s the backstory.  
Looking back at my snail thread web history, I was running the experiments pretty regularly.  I had been stringing them all together and refreshing to the next one.  As I was going along, I was updating and fixing various aspects.  These are all studies but the goal has always been  to create a never-ending, never repeating looping computer made art. 
 This isn’t a truly web-based  project, but I do want people to see the glyphs.  This is the challenge.  Few regular web users have the fonts necessary.  (http://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U13000.pdf  “Heiroglyphics”) are a good example.  I haven’t even begun to artistically explore this huge set of glyphs.  I time-travel when I look at them.  But nobody has (http://users.teilar.gr/~g1951d/ “Aegyptus”) on their computer.  Well, Unicode ancient font freaks might.  But his makes the web tough.  It works, but its limiting..    I’ve always imagined glyphmatic.Us on display permanently-never repeating and never-ending.  The computer making the art.  Not the people.   Its called it associative disorder art.  Or, offsourcing ...is anybody onsourcing?
My euphoria of getting back to work and finding something exciting was covering-up the utter dismay that I was feeling about the glyphmatic.us site.  It looked good in xp chrome and nowhere else.  Chrome on windows 7 and 8 skew is handled differently with large (800-1400px) fonts. Fontset wasn’t appearing in new windows machines in a native font install.  I needed to do a significant reworking and debugging.  I also had many glyphs not appearing in android.  I reduced the glyph set (again) to a standard set. It remains unfinished but much better. I did checked on i-products.  Writing for webkit on windows, ports well to android and safari.   But again, I’m limited in my fonting(verb); its not the whole experience of Unicode.  That’s why I need a museum. 
Withn’t a lick of further ado:
